# HiSCF: leveraging higher-order structures for clustering analysis in biological networks

#### Lun Hu
#### Jun Zhang
#### Xiangyu Pan
#### Hong Yan
#### Zhu-Hong You
------
### Folders
* `data` contains the biological network data used in the paper.
* `python` contains the python scripts to generate the tensor data and input files for Markov Clustering algorithm (MCL).
* `julia` contains the julia scripts to generate the transition matrix of the first-order Markov chain that approximates the higher-order Markov chain.
* `java` contains the java files to merge the clusters generated from different motifs.


### Usage
1. run `python\main.py` to generate the tensor data for different motifs. Currently, we only support triangle and rectangle motifs.
2. run `julia\main.jl` to generate the transition matrix of the approximating first-order Markov chain. The parameter `inputfile` should be set as the value of outputfile in the first step.
3. run `python\MclInputGenerator.py` to generate the input files for MCL. The parameter `tran_matrix_file` should be set as the value of outputfile in the second step while the parameter `dic_file` should be set as the path of dic file generated by the first step.
4. run MCL to identify clusters for each of selected motifs. The command of running MCL should be `mcl inputfile --abc -o outputfile` where inputfile is the outputfile of the third step.
5. run the class of `java\HiSCF_Pruning.java` to merge all the clusters based on the post-processing step described in the paper.

Note: The codes should be compatible with Julia 0.6, Python 3.6 and Java 1.8. If you get errors when running the scrips, please try the recommended versions.
